I also want to share with you some of
the shortcuts that I set up in the
Control Center that can help you make
your phone more useful. This first
button right here, these are color
filters. So, you can set up color
filters
so that it blocks out blue light. And
this is essentially the same thing as
wearing blue light-blocking glasses.
This next one is called Reduce White
Point. So, this is useful at night or if
you just want to have like a super long
battery life with a really dim display.
This next one right here is the Zoom
Filter. So, you can also set this up in
the accessibility settings, but you can
set up the Zoom Filter to basically be
grayscale. I just have to click on that
button, and then everything is in
grayscale. This next one right here,
that looks like a Safari mark, is
actually a shortcut. This one basically
lets you go to the app settings just by
hitting it. So, if you have an app open
and you [music] swipe down and you click
on this,
it will take you to the app settings of
that app. This next one right here is
called Full Keyboard Access, so you also
need to enable this if you want to
connect to a keyboard.